Update Get-WindowsDriver.md (#3638)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/dism/Get-WindowsDriver.md

This command gets detailed information about the Usb.inf driver in a mounted Windows image.

> ### Example 5: Gets all drivers in an online image with logpath and loglevel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 5: Get all drivers in an online image with a log path and log level
```

```
PS C:\> Get-WindowsDriver -Online -All -LogPath C:\Temp\debug.log -LogLevel 2
```

> This command gets all of the drivers in an online Windows image with specified logpath with loglevel 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command gets all of the drivers in an online Windows image with a specified log path with log level 2.
```
